that
[music]
ICICI Lombard is known for its wife's death
which makes the
processes like booking a two wheeler third party policy
very easy Welcome to this
video in which we will tell you
about the steps for booking a two wheeler third party policy
Come to the Digital Seva Portal home page and click on the Insurance option
Type ICICI Lombard in the search option
Click on the ICICI Lombard icon You will be redirected to the
Partner home page i.e.
ICICI Lombard homepage On the right side of the home page
you will find our product
options To
buy a third party bike policy
click on the WTP icon Click on
Renew Existing and Left Policies and
then click on the Get Full Copy tab
Thank you Once you are on the
screen One registration details
to the WTP page
enter your customer's vehicle registration number
and
click on Get It On tab to get the complete vehicle details Check the
model, manufacture, engine and
chassis number shown on the page with your RC The
PA cover will already be removed from the premium rate on the screen to that details  has been
given and TPD is restricted to 6000
Previous policy details have
already been entered Click on No option Click on
orange coloured Get tap to view premium Rs 828
This screen will display Customer Details Click on
blue coloured Create New Customer tap to enter customer details Enter
Customer Name, Address, Pin Code, Email ID and Phone
Number
After entering customer details,
click on orange tap of Get Proposal to view the proposal number generated along with premium Rs 828 At the
bottom right corner of the page, you will
find Buy Policy option in blue colour
Click on it to go to CSC Wallet Payment page View Screen for Policy
PDF After entering your CSC Password and
Wallet PIN, wait for a while
You will reach a page where you will
see your policy number and
an option to view your customer's policy PDF